https://github.com/greenaddress/abcore true
https://github.com/hidroh/materialistic true
https://github.com/gsantner/memetastic true
https://github.com/mkulesh/microMathematics true
https://github.com/ctodobom/OpenNoteScanner true
https://github.com/gsantner/markor true
https://github.com/Sparker0i/Weather true
https://github.com/commons-app/apps-android-commons true
https://github.com/kollerlukas/Camera-Roll-Android-App true
https://github.com/andOTP/andOTP true
https://github.com/termux/termux-app true
https://github.com/j4velin/Pedometer true
https://github.com/AnaelMobilia/NextINpact-Unofficial true
https://github.com/maks/MGit true
https://github.com/micolous/metrodroid-working-copy true
https://github.com/saschpe/BirthdayCalendar true
https://github.com/qqq3/good-weather true
https://github.com/oliexdev/openScale true
https://github.com/ChristopherGittner/OSMBugs true
https://github.com/thuryn/your-local-weather true
https://github.com/linuxtage/glt-companion true
https://github.com/VREMSoftwareDevelopment/WifiAnalyzer true
https://github.com/domogik/domodroid true
https://github.com/brarcher/rental-calc true
https://github.com/afollestad/nock-nock true
https://github.com/openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-androidapp true
https://github.com/genonbeta/TrebleShot true
https://github.com/mikljohansson/retroboy true
https://github.com/c3nav/c3nav-android true
https://github.com/trezor/trezor-android true
https://github.com/chaosdorf/meteroid true
https://github.com/stefan-niedermann/nextcloud-notes true
https://github.com/brarcher/loyalty-card-locker true
https://github.com/xbmc/Kore true
https://github.com/schnatterer/nusic true
https://github.com/vishesh/sealnote true
https://github.com/openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-androidapp true
https://github.com/lexica/lexica true
https://github.com/jonasoreland/runnerup/ true
https://github.com/microg/android_packages_apps_UnifiedNlp true
https://github.com/openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-androidapp true
https://github.com/CriticalMaps/criticalmaps-android true
https://github.com/gsantner/kimai-android true
https://github.com/gstraube/cythara true
https://github.com/fossasia/open-event-attendee-android true
https://github.com/ojacquemart/vlilleChecker true
https://github.com/klassm/andFHEM true
https://github.com/AndBible/and-bible true
https://github.com/j4velin/SystemAppMover true
https://github.com/open-keychain/open-keychain true
https://github.com/plusonelabs/calendar-widget true
https://github.com/intrications/intent-intercept true
https://github.com/dougkeen/BartRunnerAndroid true
https://github.com/wolpi/prim-ftpd true
https://github.com/Vilbrekin/tinc_gui true
https://github.com/cernekee/ics-openconnect true
https://github.com/mannd/epmobile true
https://github.com/dmfs/opentasks true
https://github.com/f2prateek/Device-Frame-Generator true
https://github.com/labexp/osmtracker-android true
https://github.com/k9mail/k-9 true
https://github.com/TKJElectronics/BalanduinoAndroidApp true
https://github.com/veken0m/bitcoinium true
https://github.com/grote/Transportr true
https://github.com/maxpower47/PinDroid true
https://github.com/netmackan/ATimeTracker true
https://github.com/uberspot/2048-android true
https://github.com/yuriykulikov/AlarmClock true
https://github.com/fixme-lausanne/MyHackerspace true
https://github.com/TUM-Dev/Campus-Android true
https://github.com/andstatus/andstatus true
https://github.com/sozialhelden/wheelmap-android true
https://github.com/pocmo/Yaaic true
https://github.com/zxing/zxing true
https://github.com/MirakelX/mirakel-android true
https://github.com/sheimi/SGit true
https://github.com/j4velin/WiFi-Automatic true
https://github.com/ushahidi/SMSSync true
https://github.com/uatach/reminders true
https://github.com/teamOSC/SubtleNews_Android_App true
https://github.com/indrora/Atomic true
https://github.com/strassl/Lampshade true